#minor Prepare for 2.38.1 release (#796)
confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent: CHANGELOG.md

## 2.39.0 (August 29th, 2025)

[Full Changelog](https://github.com/confluentinc/terraform-provider-confluent/compare/v2.38.0...v2.39.0)

**Bug Fixes:**

> * Fix an issue for the `confluent_kafka_cluster` [resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/confluentinc/confluent/latest/docs/resources/confluent_kafka_cluster).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a provisioning issue for the `confluent_kafka_cluster` [resource](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/confluentinc/confluent/latest/docs/resources/confluent_kafka_cluster).
```
